[16.0][ADD] website_event_require_legal: New module (#446)
OCA/event: website_event_require_legal/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

> 
> Require accept legal terms for event registration from the website.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module enforces to accept the legal terms for the registration from the website on the events configured so.
```
